Amended the 7.3 release note to fix wordings and some incorrect info (#6052)
wso2/docs-is: en/identity-server/next/docs/get-started/about-this-release.md

### Support for OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance (OID4VCI)

> WSO2 Identity Server now supports [OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance (OID4VCI)](https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.html){:target="_blank"}, enabling organizations to issue verifiable credentials to digital wallets using a standardized, OpenID-based protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
WSO2 Identity Server now natively supports [OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance (OID4VCI)](https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.html){:target="_blank"}, enabling organizations to issue verifiable credentials to digital wallets using a standardized, OpenID-based protocol.
```

- Define credential templates that specify credential types, supported claims, and metadata, managed through a dedicated management API and the Console.
- Issue verifiable credentials through the authorization code flow, where the end user authenticates before the wallet retrieves the credential from the credential endpoint using an OAuth 2.0 access token.
- Register digital wallets using a dedicated application template.
- Use existing OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect infrastructure for authentication and authorization during credential issuance.

Learn more about [verifiable credentials]({{base_path}}/guides/verifiable-credentials/).

### Client Initiated Backchannel Authentication (CIBA) grant

> WSO2 Identity Server now supports the [Client Initiated Backchannel Authentication (CIBA)](https://openid.net/specs/openid-client-initiated-backchannel-authentication-core-1_0.html){:target="_blank"} grant, enabling authentication flows where the device consuming a service is decoupled from the device used for authentication. For example, a user can start a sign-in on a smart TV or kiosk and complete authentication on their mobile phone.

Author: ```suggestion
WSO2 Identity Server now supports the [Client Initiated Backchannel Authentication (CIBA)](https://openid.net/specs/openid-client-initiated-backchannel-authentication-core-1_0.html){:target="_blank"} grant, enabling authentication flows where the device consuming a service is decoupled from the device used for authentication. For example, a user can start a login on a smart TV or kiosk and complete authentication on their mobile phone.
```
